buyer. One of the most successful online auction sites is eBay, which is an 
example of a C2C e-commerce site. eBay’s website allows anyone to list 
products that they want to be auctioned. When sellers list their products, they 
fill out a form on eBay that allows them to describe the product, provide a 
picture of it, and also specify a base price that they want for it. 
After the form filling, the product is listed on eBay’s site, and bidding by buyers 
is permitted for a fixed period of time, usually one week. Bidding brings up the 
price, and at the close of the bidding period, the bid of the highest bidder is 
accepted, and he/she is declared the winner. The buyer and the seller then 
exchange money and goods independently of eBay. After the auction, eBay 
permits buyers and sellers to rate each other. This rating is publicly declared 
and forms a basis for building the reputations of buyers and sellers. Sellers 
with high ratings are able to attract more and higher bids for their products. 
Auction sites are subject to strong network effects. Successful auction sites 
attract more and more buyers and sellers, who are then weaned away from 
other auction sites. eBay’s success forced many other auction sites to shut 
down. Recently, an auction site run by Yahoo! had to shut down as it could 
not attract enough visitors.

<<<<<<< HEAD
9.3.10 Aggregators
E-commerce is also used extensively by businesses to transact with each 
other. These are called B2B e-commerce transactions. B2B e-commerce 
differs from B2C e-commerce in several ways, some of which are listed as 
follows.
1. B2C transactions are ad hoc in nature, with one seller, like 
Amazon.com, selling to customers in a single transaction. B2B 
transactions involve many buyers and many sellers in the market who 
establish long-term purchasing contracts.
2. The value of transactions in B2C is low as compared to those in B2B 
markets. The latter may involve millions of rupees for a single 
transaction. 
3. The delivery schedule and timing of goods purchased are of critical 
importance in B2B e-commerce. Firms use these marketplaces to 
manage their supply chains and hence require a high degree of 
commitment in terms of delivery. 
4. As opposed to B2C, B2B markets do not have fixed prices and may 
involve auctions of goods. 
=======
9.4 E-Business
E-business refers to the manner in which modern commercial organisations 
create information links and conduct business. In contrast to the purpose of 
e-commerce which is to conduct commercial transactions with customers 
through buying, selling, auctions, and searching, the purpose of e-business 
is to enhance the internal functioning of organisations by using the facilities 
of the Internet. E-business enables firms to maintain a rich information 
interchange with their partners, collaborators, and suppliers. E-business 
relies on either the open HTML standard or proprietary data exchange 
standards. The main economic benefit of e-business is reduced transaction 
costs. 
>>>>>>> master
